feat: adding missing parameters and attribute documentation (#2772)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#2714](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2714))
- Added the ability to pass a `datetime.time` object to `format_dt`.
  ([#2747](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2747))

> - Added various missing channel parameters and allow `default_reaction_emoji` to be

Reviewer: ok this is fine

- Fixed `ForumChannel.edit` allowing `default_reaction_emoji` to be `None`.
  ([#2739](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2739))
- Fixed missing `None` type hints in `Select.__init__`.
  ([#2746])(https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2746)
- Fixed parameters for channels And allow creating channels with None as default

>   reaction ([#2754])(https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2754)

Reviewer 2: Changelogs should clearly reflect what has been changed

>   reaction ([#2754])(https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2754)

Author: There is a lot of change, should i make smth like this ? 

- Added missing parameters to `create_text_channel`: `default_thread_slowmode_delay` and `default_auto_archive_duration`.
- Added missing parameters to `create_voice_channel`: `slowmode_delay` and `nsfw`.
- Added missing parameters to `create_stage_channel`: `bitrate`, `user_limit`, `rtc_region`, `video_quality_mode`, `slowmode_delay`, and `nsfw`.
- Added missing parameters to `create_forum_channel`: `available_tags`, `default_sort_order`, `default_thread_slowmode_delay`, and `default_auto_archive_duration`. Also allow `default_reaction_emoji` to be `None`.
  ([#2754])(https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2754)

- Deprecated `nsfw` for categories, as it was never supported.
  ([#2754])(https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2754)

>   reaction ([#2754])(https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2754)

Author: i only remove it from the representation, i didnt remove the method

- Fixed `ForumChannel.edit` allowing `default_reaction_emoji` to be `None`.
  ([#2739](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2739))
- Fixed missing `None` type hints in `Select.__init__`.
  ([#2746])(https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2746)
- Fixed parameters for channels And allow creating channels with None as default
- Added missing parameters to `create_text_channel`: `default_thread_slowmode_delay` and
  `default_auto_archive_duration`.
- Added missing parameters to `create_voice_channel`: `slowmode_delay` and `nsfw`.
- Added missing parameters to `create_stage_channel`: `bitrate`, `user_limit`,
  `rtc_region`, `video_quality_mode`, `slowmode_delay`, and `nsfw`.
- Added missing parameters to `create_forum_channel`: `available_tags`,
  `default_sort_order`, `default_thread_slowmode_delay`, and
  `default_auto_archive_duration`. Also allow `default_reaction_emoji` to be `None`.

>   ([#2772])(https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2772)

Reviewer 2: This should be condensed into something like "Added various missing channel parameters." and should be moved to the proper category.

I don't know what `Fixed parameters for channels And allow creating channels with None as default` refers to.

  ([#2501](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2501))
- Deprecated `Interaction.cached_channel` in favor of `Interaction.channel`.
  ([#2658](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2658))

> - Deprecated `nsfw` for categories, as it was never supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated `is_nsfw` for categories, as it was never supported.
```

Reviewer: The nsfw attribute itself is not technically deprecated in the code. For it to be deprecated, it should be made into a property and then marked with `@deprecated`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Deprecated `is_nsfw` for categories since it was never supported by the API.
```
